feat: add az event grid subscription validation to web api security (#175)
arcus-azure/arcus.eventgrid: docs/preview/features/endpoint-validation.md

# Endpoint validation

> We provide support for endpoint validation, when implementing your own custom web hook.

Reviewer: In all honesty, I'm not sure if I get the difference - One is the validation handshake for a new subscription, the other for authorization based on a key?

If so, why do we have a special attribute for the key and not use Arcus WebAPI for this?

Author: To be honest, I did an as-is move towards this new project and use the secret store. That was my remark here #164 . Further than that, I didn't want to move to far ahead. I guess we should ask @SamVanhoutte why this was split into two attributes?

PM> Install-Package Arcus.EventGrid.WebApi.Security 
```

## Azure Event Grid authorization

> Azure Event Grid authorization: this validation allows to secure your web hook with a secret key (taken from the query string or an HTTP header). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Azure Event Grid authorization allows to secure your webhook with a secret key (taken from the query string or an HTTP header). 
```

[EventGridAuthorization(..., EmitSecurityEvents = true)]
```

## Azure Event Grid subscription validation

> This library provides an Azure Event Grid subscription validation. It can receive Azure Event Grid events from an Event subscription and validates the contents.

Reviewer: We should document if this is supported for Event Grid schema and/or CloudEvents.

Author: Well, since we used our `EventParser` and only work with the event payload, it's compatible with both, but this `SubscriptionValidation` event type will probably only be used in Event Grid events, yes?

Reviewer: No as the mechanics are different as mentioned below but separate issue it is!

Reviewer: https://github.com/arcus-azure/arcus.eventgrid/issues/180
